
This is the Dynace Object Oriented Extension to C.

It contains the following enhancements over the previous releases:

	Changed the system to the FreeBSD license


It contains the following enhancements over the previous releases:

	The GUI and ODBC libraries have been released
	The source code to the manuals has been released
	The entire GUI system has been ported to Linux via WINE

	Added support for Microsoft C 2003 (VC7, or ver 13)
	Added support for Microsoft C 2005 (VC8, or ver 14)
	Added support for Microsoft C 2008
	Update support to latest GNU compiler under Linux
	Added the following classes:

		Exception handling classes
			Abort
			Condition
			Error
			Restart
			SeriousCondition
			SimpleRestart
			SimpleWarning
			Warning
		XML DOM & XPath Support
		WeakPointer
		ObjectPool
		Mime handling

	Dynace also runs under Cygwin, VC 6.0, and many other
	environments

Although I don't believe it is documented, in addition to cooperative
threads, Dynace supports native threads under Win32 and could easily
be enhanced to support Posix threads.

There are two shortcomings as we speak.  First, the manual was
complete with the last release but hasn't been updated with the new
classes yet, although there have been enhancements made to it.  The
GUI library (WDS) has been out of date for years.

Second, I have built Dynace under 64 bit Linux and ran several tests
which ran fine (after I made a few changes).  So, the system builds
and runs under 64 bit Linux but hasn't been well tested.  However,
there are no known 64 bit bugs in it nor am I aware of the likelyhood
of bugs.

BTW, this system is very well tested and used in large development
shops with many developers every day for the last ten years.  It is
rock solid and, IMO, a valuable tool.

Dynace is still open source.  I closed down my old Algorithms company
so I changed the copyrights to my name.

See docs\DESCRIBE.txt for a basic description of the system.

See docs\INSTALL.txt for installation instructions.

See docs\ORIENT.txt for a description of the components and their
location.

See docs\BUILD.txt for instructions on building the system.

Please see docs\LICENSE.txt for licensing information.

Once the system is installed see docs\INDEX.txt for a description of
included documentation files.

I am:

	Blake McBride
	4535 Scenic Hills Lane
	Franklin, TN 37064
	USA

	e-mail:  blake@mcbridemail.com

Software download area:

	https://github.com/blakemcbride/Dynace



